Update standard date and time format strings documentation to include DateOnly and TimeOnly (#47591)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/base-types/standard-date-and-time-format-strings.md

## Table of format specifiers

> <a name="table"></a> The following table describes the standard date and time format specifiers. Unless otherwise noted, a particular standard date and time format specifier produces an identical string representation regardless of whether it is used with a <xref:System.DateTime> or a <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value. See [Notes](#notes) for additional information about using standard date and time format strings with <xref:System.DateOnly> and <xref:System.TimeOnly> values. See [Control Panel Settings](#control-panel-settings) and [DateTimeFormatInfo Properties](#datetimeformatinfo-properties) for additional information about using standard date and time format strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="table"></a> The following table describes the standard date and time format specifiers. Unless otherwise noted, a particular standard date and time format specifier produces an identical string representation regardless of whether it is used with a <xref:System.DateTime> or a <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value. Not all format specifiers can be used with <xref:System.DateOnly> and <xref:System.TimeOnly> values; for additional information, see [DateOnly and TimeOnly formatting](#dateonly-and-timeonly-formatting). For information about how regional settings on Windows and the current <xref:System.Globalization.DateTimeFormatInfo> object can affect date and time formatting, see [Control Panel Settings](#control-panel-settings) and [DateTimeFormatInfo Properties](#datetimeformatinfo-properties).
```

<a name="Notes"></a>

> ## Notes
> 
> ### DateOnly and TimeOnly formatting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DateOnly and TimeOnly formatting
```
